http://web.iiit.ac.in::contacted origin server
http://library.iiit.ac.in/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in::served from cache
http://library.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in::served from cache
http://library.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://library.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://cstar.iiit.ac.in/index.html::contacted origin server
http://cstar.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://cstar.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://cstar.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://cstar.iiit.ac.in/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
http://cstar.iiit.ac.in/cn/::contacted origin server
http://web.iiit.ac.in/~parag.gupta/index.html::served from cache
